(tool whirring)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(tense upbeat music)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
- He's just in one of his moods.
You know how he gets. It's not that bad.
Look. I'm not making excuses.
You just don't know him like I do.
Well. we all can't be like you and Alex.
you know that. right?
(door thudding)
- What's going on here?
- [Piper] I gotta go.
- Who you talking to? Is that Alex?
- (sighs) He's with
Taylor. What's your deal?
- My deal is.
(Piper moans)
- Leave me alone.
- [Milo] You're my girl. Piper.
- You're drunk.
- Damn right I am.
(Piper grunts)
(lips smacking)
(both grunting)
(Piper whimpers)
(hand smacking)
(Piper grunts)
(gentle melancholy music)
- What? I ran into a door.
I fell down some stairs.
You know how clumsy I can be.
- This is not okay.
- It's fine.
- Our definitions of fine are
not even remotely the same.
- What do you want me to say. Taylor?
- Say that you're leaving him.
Say that you're gonna get some help.
Say that you kicked him in the damn balls.
Just say something.
- He was drunk.
- He's always drunk.
- Shh!
- One day. you're gonna
end up in the hospital.
- I'll be fine.
- There's that word again.
What are your plans?
- What are you talking about?
- Listen. I know he
seemed like a nice guy.
They all do.
- (sighs) I don't need you
butting into my business.
- That's what friends are for.
- If that's what friends are for.
then I don't think I need any.
- I'm just trying to help you.
- [Piper] Well. don't.
- I just want you to be happy.
- I am happy.
Can we talk about something else. please?
(gentle music)
If you don't stop looking at me like that.
we're gonna have a problem.
- I know this really great therapist-
- Not another word.
- [Alex] Hey. guys.
Can I offer you pretty ladies a ride home?
- Hey. Alex.
- Hey. Piper. New look?
- Come on. we'll give you a ride.
- Think I'll walk.
- Are you sure?
At least use that diary I got you.
And please speak to someone.
- I just talked to you.
We had a gay old time.
- That's not what I mean. (chuckles)
- I will.
- [Taylor] Everything's
gonna be all right.
- Yeah.
Bye. guys.
(Piper chuckles)
Look!
- [Milo] Trying to watch my show.
- Look!
- (chuckles) Nursing school?
- That's what I've always wanted.
- [Milo] We can't afford it.
- Well. I've been saving up.
- You mean to tell me we've got a shit ton
of bills and you've got extra money.
- It's for school.
(hand smacks)
(Piper gasps)
Where are you going?
- [Milo] Out!
(tense music)
(Piper crying)
(phone ringing)
(gentle tense music)
- What's all this?
- I've been doing some thinking.
and. uh. you deserve it.
- I don't understand.
- I gave up drinking.
- You what?
- I'm tired of not being
the man that you deserve.
- You didn't have to do all this for me.
- You're my everything.
I've realized the error of my ways.
and. um. I'm ready to
start making things right.
(Piper gasps)
- Baby?
- Using that baby shit.
Take off your clothes.
- [Piper] Milo!
- [Milo] Do I stutter?
(Piper grunts)
- Go to hell!
- What's your problem.
- Can we just talk for a minute?
(Milo sighs)
- [Milo] The fuck is this?
- Wait.
- All the dirty things
you want to do to me.
(tense suspenseful music)
- Baby.
(Milo breathes heavily)
- [Milo] Fuck!
- What are you doing? What are you doing?
(Milo breathes heavily)
Babe. please don't do this.
Put it down.
- No.
- Let's talk.
- No!
- Talk! Please don't do this!
Well. set's have sex!
Isn't that what you wanted?
No. please don't do this. don't! Stop!
I'll do anything you want!
(monitor beeping)
(Piper gasping)
(Piper grunting)
(Piper crying)
(Piper sniffles)
(Piper softly gasps)
- Fell down some stairs.
- I don't know. I just.
- This is not okay.
- It's fine.
- Say it's my boss.
- Do I sound like a
creeper (speaks faintly)?
(woman speaking faintly)
- [Piper] Hi. I'm Piper. Is this?
- You're in the right place.
- Take a seat.
(lively music)
- So. uh. how does this work?
I mean. hopefully it's not
just about me since I'm new.
- Well. it's like AA. but we can drink.
(Piper chuckles)
- I'm Tori.
- Piper.
- I'm Caitlyn.
- Veronica.
- Kip.
- Nice to meet you guys.
- So what's your story?
- Oh. I haven't even had my coffee yet.
- [Caitlyn] Don't forget to sign in.
- [Piper] So how long have all
of you guys been coming here?
- [Caitlyn] Some of us
have been here for months.
Some nearly a year.
- Is it always this small?
- Girls come and go.
Some get better and some get bitter.
- I didn't think it was like that.
- This isn't a pity party.
We're here to help each other out.
Isn't that right. ladies?
- Absolutely.
- Yeah.
- So what are you in for?
Wait. let me guess.
Your dad. no. your uncle.
- [Piper] Ew. no.
- [Kip] There are all kinds
of sickos out there. baby.
- (sighs) Give her a break. Kip.
- Hey. she's in here for a
reason. same as the rest of us.
- Yeah. so why are you here?
- My boyfriend.
- (sighs) Why should
they get away with it?
- I was love to see
James put six feet under.
- Who?
- My brother.
- Your brother?
- Yeah. so?
- You guys. with all the CSI. DNA.
cameras on every corner. cell phones.
there's no way we could get away
with something like that. you guys.
- There are ways around stuff like that.
- Yeah. like killing again.
- That would never work.
- So what do you guys usually do here?
- We make video diaries.
- What do you mean?
- Like. we share our story
with the whole world.
- Why would I wanna do that?
- Because they're helpful.
- It's therapeutic.
- It's a waste of time.
- What happens if people see our videos
and it helps them get out
of a abusive relationship?
- Who cares? Let's get revenge.
- Thanks for the coffee.
guys. Um. I got to go.
- What's her problem?
- Hey. It was all right.
It wasn't what I expected.
No. I don't. I don't
think I'll be going back.
It just wasn't for me.
I. I really don't wanna get into it.
Someone's pushy tonight.
I know. I know you do.
What time?
Well. I'll be there. Night.
- [Milo] What the hell are you doing?
- What?
(Piper grunting)
(Milo grunts)
(Piper grunts)
(Piper gasping)
- I had no idea.
- He's gone. I don't know where he is.
- Have you tried the police?
- They couldn't find him.
- Isn't that their job?
- A manhunt? I guess not.
- This is not okay.
- You want me to see what I can dig up?
- Thanks. guys. but I have to move on.
- I don't know.
- You don't know what?
- I just don't want you
doing anything stupid.
- [Piper] Like what?
(Taylor sighs)
- It's gonna be all right.
- Yeah.
(lively music)
Was it something I said?
- Didn't expect to see you again.
- I called you twice.
- That was you?
- We're a close group!
- You bitches started without me?
Who's the new?
- I'm Piper. Nice to meet you.
- That's Harley.
- Well. since I'm new.
I guess I should tell you
a little bit about myself.
- We were talking about putting
some pricks in an early grave.
- That's right.
Well. how long has it been for you
since the whole thing?
- Not long enough.
- Guys only want two things.
and they're right here.
That's it.
- We're all here for the same reasons.
The people who we trusted
took advantage of us.
- Yeah. the He-Man. Woman-Hater whatever.
"Little Rascals"? Come on. guys!
- "Little Rascals" aside. I for one
am sick and tired of
watching more girls get beat.
I am so sick and tired as more girls
come through that door with sob stories
about how helpless they feel.
- Me. too.
- I don't know about this.
- He put you in the hospital.
- She's right. It's sick.
- I help people. I don't...
- [Milo] Fuck!
- These girls are my closest
friends. and now. so are you.
- Well. damn. I'm in.
- You know I'm in.
- I need a drink.
- We can't do this without you.
What do you say?
- How are we gonna get away with it?
This is Piper Renee.
Um. I don't really know
how all of this works.
I was in a bad relationship.
It. it wasn't all bad.
He just couldn't keep
it together. I guess.
This is stupid.
- My name's Kip. and I
was taken advantage of
by someone really close to me.
And I don't even what I'm doing.
- This (chuckles) is too hard.
- This is Caitlyn Ross.
To whomever is watching this video.
I hope you learn from my mistakes.
I don't want you to end
up doing what I did.
What makes him think he's better than me?
- Hi. my name is Rhonda and I...
No. no.
Hi. my name is Tori.
He hurt me.
He hurt me more than words can say.
and I'm ashamed.
I'm ashamed that I let him
make me feel like this.
I empowered him. and he took.
and he took advantage of me.
(wind whistling)
(thunder rumbling)
- [Caitlyn] My dad used to be a painter.
He's got like a shit ton of painter suits.
Hello.
So shit.
Guys. we're gonna. like. wear these
while we. you know.
That way we don't get anything on us.
- Scandalous. (chuckles)
(lively music)
- Something's missing.
- [Crew Member] Cut.
- So how is this gonna work?
- [Harley] Diesel is mine.
- Kill your own man. I like it!
- Jesse's gonna pay for what he did to me.
- Remember the last time I let him pitch.
(Tori speaks faintly)
Empowered. you know?
You know. he told me he loved me.
That's not love. That's not love.
- Looks like Tori's first.
- I mean. we can't all go.
- She's right. you guys.
We have to go in twos.
Who's going with you?
- Let's get this bastard.
- And girls. record everything.
- All right.
- Mm-hmm.
(fists thudding)
- What the hell do you want?
- Sit down! You're making me nervous.
- What if it doesn't work?
What if we can't do this?
- It'll work.
- [Piper] How can you be so sure?
- Have you met Ethan?
- [Piper] No.
- I'm sure they can
handle one stupid redneck.
- Do you wanna play? You
come back to play smurf?
What's she doing in my house?
- [Tori] What do you think. Ethan? Same.
- Oh my goodness.
- Get off me.
(Ethan grunting)
(Ethan choking)
- [Harley] So how do you feel?
- Better.
(lively music)
- What are we gonna do with the body?
- My dad's freezer. It'll hold him.
It'll hold all of them.
- What about the video?
- What about it?
- Aren't you afraid it might leak?
- Now I am!
- It's gonna be fine.
- Well. how can you be sure?
- The only thing that matters is that
he will never hurt you.
- [Tori] Yeah.
- Mine's next.
- Okay. She can go next.
but she's going with you.
- Me?
- [Tori] You can do it.
- I'm not ready to kill
anyone. I mean. and your ex?
- [Harley] It's time
to switch to unleaded.
Diesel has got to go!
- Welcome to revenge therapy.
and girls. don't forget
your video diaries.
We have to show the world
what they did to us.
You too.
- Oh. I don't know.
- It'll make you feel better.
- Yeah. okay.
- (laughs) Sounds like someone's
been burning the midnight oil.
Sure it is. Is it?
Um. well. that's not important right now
because while you were busy
sleeping your life away.
Alex and I are getting married!
(Taylor laughing)
Did you hear what I said?
(Piper yells)
I'm worried about you. Piper!
Pip!
- (sighs) You can only
imagine what just happened.
It's. it's like better than sex.
It's. oh my god. it's crazy.
it's. it's amazing. it's like.
oh. wow. if I could only
show or say what I've done.
what. what happened. I
can't wait for my turn.
Diesel. (laughing) I'm coming for you.
(Harley laughing)
- I did something that I
never would've done before.
I stood up for myself.
I took my control back.
He'll never be able to hurt me again.
I know what I did was right. I did right.
- I. uh. I.
I. I can't.
- (sighs) Something happened.
we're not gonna take
this lying down anymore.
We took a stand for women everywhere.
Everyone needs to know what happened.
but it's too soon.
We're not gonna take this anymore.
We're gonna fight back.
and now that Ethan's gone.
the Slasher Sisters are born.
- This is Kip again.
Caitlyn's making me do this stupid thing.
They say it gets easier with
time. but that's bullshit.
(Kip laughs)
(lively music)
- You ready?
- I'm just filming. right?
- This time.
- What do you mean this time?
- Everybody gets a turn.
- [Piper] All right. so what's the plan?
- He's at the local
watering hole every night.
- All right.
♪ Why don't you just say ♪
(vocalist singing faintly)
(upbeat music)
(tense suspenseful music)
- [Crew Member] All right. sound please.
- [Crew Member] Hold on a second.
- [Crew Member] Yep.
- [Crew Member] Sound rolling.
- [Crew Member] Action!
- [Crew Member] The line. Tom.
- [Crew Member] Don't. I'm ready to roll.
- Dam. baby. some of
these are kind of good.
- Ooh! I really liked those.
Love that one.
That. wait. who the fuck is that?
- That?
- Who is that?
- Oh. it's nothing. We
were just taking pictures.
- Pictures like that?
- Yeah. I take them
with you all the time.
- Pictures like that?
Who is that?
- It's a chick from your work.
- Oh. so one of my friends?
- You're a stripper!
- One of my friends?
(dramatic music)
You're gonna take pictures-
(Harley grunts)
(Harley sniffles)
(Diesel grunts)
(blood gushing)
(lively music)
- [Diesel] (grunts) What the fuck?
(Diesel grunting)
(Piper chuckles)
- I can't believe we did it.
You did it.
(Harley laughs)
- You're home early.
- [Harley] What are you thinking?
- Double feature.
(Harley and Tori laughing)
- Everybody's doing great. I
want you guys to know that.
- Where there is love.
there can be no darkness.
I'm Jesse.
- Caitlyn.
- Lovers' hearts linked together
will always beat as one.
Would you wanna go on a walk with me?
(both laughing)
Now this is a good zombie movie.
Mm-hmm. mm-hmm.
- I'm watching my figure.
- You don't like popcorn?
Where are you going?
- [Caitlyn] I'll be back.
(hand smacking)
- Is everything all right?
- I'm fine. (crying)
I'm just a little nauseous.
(lively music continues)
- Wait. you're not...
- [Caitlyn] Would it be so bad?
- You know we can't afford a baby!
- I would be a good mother!
- [Jesse] No. you'd be a terrible mother.
- What?
- Your mother was strung
out when she had you.
and you're the same way.
- I am not!
- Please. why do you think you're sick?
You don't eat anything and you
pop those damn pills all day.
I'm surprised you can even walk.
Your body needs nutrients.
- I get nutrients!
- Aw. fuck it! I'll be in the living room.
Enjoy your bumelia. bitch.
- You ready for bed. soldier?
- Put some clothes on.
You look like a whore.
(Caitlyn crying)
You wash that makeup off. you whore!
what the fuck is your problem?
- You haven't been the same
since you've been back.
- Are you seriously
blaming this on the Army?
- [Caitlyn] What do you mean?
- I mean a slut like you
is only good for one thing.
- You're hurting me.
- Fuck this. I'm out.
- Jesse!
What the hell is he doing?
- [Tori] Oh my god.
- Ew. seriously? Is he
really blowing some dude?
- Seriously. This blows.
- Ugh.
God. that's disgusting.
- I tell you. this is
some Jerry Springer shit.
- That's so gross.
- Guess that's where you
get eat a dick up in a cup.
- [Caitlyn] Oh!
God. ugh.
- Oh my god.
- I think I'm gonna be sick to my stomach.
- It's okay. Hold it in.
(Caitlyn gagging)
- Back for more? What the fuck. Cait?
- Didn't know you swung that way.
- Whatever. What the
fuck are you doing here?
- He who loves you will make you weep.
- [Jesse] Huh?
- Where there is love.
there is no darkness.
- [Jesse] What is this?
- Lovers' hearts linked together
will always beat as one.
- Cait. I don't know what the
fuck you're talking about.
You need to get out of here.
- I loved you!
(Jesse grunts)
- What is this. that show "Cheaters"?
We weren't even together.
(Jesse and Caitlyn grunting)
- [Harley] You think you need some help?
(all grunting)
(Harley grunting)
- [Jesse] Take this phone here.
(Caitlyn grunting)
(Harley moaning)
- You're gonna be okay.
No!
(Harley moaning)
Hang on.
(lively music)
(Harley coughing)
Go get some help.
- Go get that ass. (coughing)
- Caitlyn. what happened?
Where's Harley?
- She didn't make it!
- [Piper] What do you mean?
- He has her phone.
- We have to find him!
- [Tori] For Harley!
- For Harley.
What'd you guys wanna be when you grew up?
I wanted to be a nurse.
The thought of helping people
just makes me feel good.
- Now is not the time.
- [Tori] A mom.
- Can we focus?
- So maybe we should just go to the cops.
- He's got her phone and the videos.
- [Piper] So what's
the plan then. Caitlyn?
- One in the front. two in the back.
(Tori and Piper laughing)
- Harley would've loved that.
- Record everything.
- After all that's happened?
- Everything.
(dramatic music)
(knuckles rapping)
(dog barks)
- Who are you? What do you want?
- [Piper] I am. um.
- [Crew Member] Look over here.
- Spit it out. I haven't got all night.
- [Piper] I was just wondering
if you heard the good news
about our Lord and Savior?
(mysterious thud)
- [Tori] Who is this fucker?
(Jesse grunts)
(Caitlyn yelling)
- [Crew Member] Cut. cut.
- [Jesse] Why are you doing this?
- [Caitlyn] You never loved me!
(both grunting)
(Jesse grunting)
(Caitlyn grunting)
- You stay down there!
You messed with the wrong chick!
(Jesse grunts)
- Cut.
- [Crew Member] Pretend
you're giving some help.
Get them in the jams.
- [Tori] Are you kidding
me? Fucking kidding me.
(lively music)
Are you kidding me?
(Tori gasping)
(water splashing)
- [Caitlyn] Remember the pain.
- Diable!
My wounds may have healed. but
this is what you did to me!
I own this. not you!
(lipstick clatters)
I need to take back what you took from me.
I own this!
(Piper yelling)
(distorted discordant music)
(lively music)
- We're leaving a legacy.
These men took advantage of us.
They used us. they abused us.
They spat in our faces!
It is time to fight
back and take our pride.
This is the only way!
Piper?
- I need to sleep.
But tomorrow. we finish this.
(Piper sings indistinctly)
(Piper sighing)
- When you're ready.
(knuckles rapping)
- Caitlyn!
- [Caitlyn] Not now. Dad!
- Come on. honey! Let's
watch some "Jeopardy!"
- This is not okay!
- I'm busy!
- We used to watch
"Jeopardy!" every night.
- Find another way-
- I said leave me
the hell alone.
- What do you want me to say.
Taylor?
- [Taylor] Say that you're.
- Rough night?
- Relationship troubles.
- I know the feeling.
- My fiance and I got in a fight earlier.
and my best friend's hanging
out with these new girls that.
she's just not the same.
- Sorry to hear that.
- This one girl. Kate Moss or
something. I don't trust her.
- Caitlyn Ross?
- [Taylor] Yeah. that's her.
- What did you say your friend's name was?
- Piper.
- Can I borrow your phone?
Thank you.
- Hey.
- Hey! What are you doing?
- Oh. just reading.
- [Milo] Yeah. anything good?
- It's all right. How about you?
- It's a special night.
- Yeah?
- You're my special girl.
It's our anniversary.
I take it you didn't get me anything?
- Anniversary?
- Six beautiful months.
- On my bed.
- Oh. I got you something.
- Is she clear?
- Let's keep rolling.
keep rolling.
We're gonna do it again.
(metal snaps)
(Taylor whimpering)
- [Piper] Caitlyn. easy there!
- [Caitlyn] Oh. shit!
- [Jesse] I thought I told
you never to come back here.
- [Caitlyn] Fuck you. Jesse!
- What's with the masks?
I know who you are.
- I didn't know you like
getting homes from men.
- (laughs) Well. if you'd
have paid more attention.
you might've known that a lot earlier.
- What are you trying to say?
- Why do you think I left you?
- I left you. you abusive bastard!
- Back.
Is that what you've been
telling your friends.
that I hit you?
You always were a psychotic bitch.
- [Caitlyn] Stop saying that!
- [Jesse] What. bitch?
- I loved you. Jesse.
- [Jesse] I have a
restraining order against you.
- Liar!
- What else did you tell them?
- Basically that you're
a complete douchebag
and you're proving to us right now.
(lively music)
- These girls were never your friends.
- Shut up!
- [Jesse] Psycho.
Stop your. hey!
(Caitlyn grunting)
- I loved you!
Get your phones.
Say it! Say it. dick.
- [Jesse] I love you.
There. are you happy?
(Piper laughs)
- What are you doing?
- He's dead and it's over.
- It isn't over until I say it's over.
- [Piper] What are you talking about?
(Taylor gasps)
- Poor little Piper. getting
mixed up with the wrong guy.
- I don't understand.
- (chuckles) You made it so easy.
At least he loved you.
- He put me in the hospital.
- He who loves you will make you.
- [Piper] What?
- Lovers' hearts linked together
will always beat as one.
- Why are you doing this?
- He's gay! He's fucking gay.
- I thought he was abusing you!
- (laughs) He never hit me.
He never even yelled at me.
I made it all up there.
There. are you happy?
- Why?
- I couldn't stand the thought
of my life without him.
and when I found out he
left me for another man.
(laughs) no. no way. no way.
- You talked us into killing our exes.
- It might not have been a
revenge in the typical sense.
but who does he think he is
pushing me aside like I'm nothing.
- You really are insane.
(Caitlyn inhales deeply)
(Piper grunts)
(Caitlyn laughs)
God!
- Boom. bitch!
How does that feel?
- What the fuck
is wrong with you?
- I just want what everyone
else wants. immortality.
Is that so much to ask?
- And the Slasher Sisters or whatever?
- It's already online
or it's going viral as we speak.
- [Piper] You won't get away with this.
- Aw. honey. but I already have.
and you're my last victim.
(Piper grunts)
(Caitlyn grunts)
(Caitlyn gasping)
- [Piper] I gotta go!
- You honestly.
(grunts) What about...
- The Slasher Sisters can have her.
Come on.
- I thought we were friends.
- [Piper] Fuck you!
(Piper gasping)
- Stop.
- Cut.
(Taylor gasping)
- It's. it's gonna.
it's gonna be all right.
- We have to get you to the hospital.
Wait. Taylor. Taylor!
Wait. we're gonna get you to a hospital.
Taylor! Taylor. no!
Taylor! No.
(Piper crying)
- Cut.
- Okay.
- Everything is gonna be all right.
- Thank you. Dorene.
We've received reports
from around the country
of organized crime rumored to be committed
by girls wearing these.
The latest info is that
they're calling themselves
the Slasher Sisters.
Police are urging citizens to
be cautious around strangers.
and if you don't need
to be out after dark.
please stay inside.
We're not sure who they're targeting.
but we are investigating
rumors of a video containing
the potential identity of their leader.
We don't know how large their numbers are.
but an alleged uprising is being reported
as far away as New York and Los Angeles.
Until we know. oh.
what's happening right...
Pete. Pete. oh my God.
Pete. Pete. look out!
(reporter screams)
(Pete grunting)
(lively music)
- Jesse's gonna pay for what he did to me.
and none of these bitches
are gonna get in my way.
To anyone watching this.
you don't have to be the victim.
Take a stand for yourself
for women everywhere.
Wherever you see this
mask in your neighborhood.
even around the country. know
that justice is being served.
It's our time to fight back.
We're not gonna let you
push us around anymore.
They say that life is sweet.
but I say revenge is sweeter.
This is Caitlyn Ross for the
Slasher Sisters signing off.
(dramatic music)
(lively music)
(lively music continues)